[Music]
hold me
close till i get up thumb is
[Music]
no
[Applause]
through the highways
[Music]
now
finding life along the way melodies we
haven't played
no i don't want no rest
let go in around these walls fighting to
create a song
[Music]
to my shadow through the sunrays
[Applause]
horizon turn us to thousands
and we'll grow in numbers
of horizons
[Applause]
[Music]
to the highways
lions roaring in the morning sun
searching for a longer day
people feeling like the light has just
[Music]
alive
is
[Music]
the
let's not beauty
[Music]
that
the light is gonna
the come have just begun
we will always take a step
[Applause]
for the people for the land
[Music]
kids
i
[Music]
my
let's beauty take
will never be